Clarify hostname prereq (#79)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/install/requirements.md

## Prerequisites

Two rke2 nodes cannot have the same node name. By default, the node name is taken from the machine's hostname.

> If two or more of your machines have the same hostname, either change it or set the `node-name` parameter in the RKE2 config file for each node you add to the cluster to have a different node name.

Reviewer: We don't ever refer to RKE2 hosts as 'machines' in our docs; machines are a Rancher thing, so lets not use that terminology.  We also just added support for with-node-id to address this problem.

```suggestion
If two or more of your nodes have the same hostname, you must:
1. Change the hostnames so that they are unique.
2. Set the `node-name` parameter in the config file to a unique value.
3. Set the `with-node-id` parameter in the config file to `true`, to append a randomly generated ID number to the hostname.

:::info Version Gate

The `with-node-id` parameter is available starting with the 2023-05 releases (v1.27.2+rke2r1, v1.26.5+rke2r1, v1.25.10+rke2r1, v1.24.14+rke2r1)

:::

```

Reviewer: I guess I'm OK with it for now, but I may open a PR in the future to standardize on use of `node` (as the Kubernetes resource) and `host` (for the Linux host operating system that RKE2 is installed to). `machine` should be reserved for talking about the physical hardware or VM instance itself, and isn't something that RKE2 should be concerned with - I'd like to keep any references to that to just the Rancher docs.
